---
layout: post
title: "Club Land"
excerpt: "The world is better when everything is a club!"
categories: blog
tags: blog
comments: true
share: true
---

My son is 4, and in advance of his attendance at school, he goes to what they now call preschool. I think it was called nursery when I was his age. I like what they do at preschool. The idea is to gently get them ready for school, doing stuff which my son would describe as fun, but that should ultimately aid the transition.

One aspect of preschool that is optional is something called lunch club. If you pay a small fee, the children stay beyond the conclusion of their morning at preschool, and eat a packed lunch with the other children and the ladies. Again, it gets them used to eating without Mum and Dad, and could be good from a social perspective. As it transpires, Dylan comes home and comments on what the other people are eating and wants the same. He’s graduated from sandwiches to chicken wraps, because one of his ladies has them. Another girl who stays has sweetcorn in her packed lunch, so Dylan also has that every now and then. It’s very cute, and an unexpected bonus of lunch club.

But I like the fact that lunch club is basically lunch. Add the word club to the end and it seems all the more exciting and that you’re part of something. So when I take my lunch to work, I call it lunch club too – well, not in public. For me this has transformed the concept of lunch, so are there any other activities that could benefit from the addition of the word ‘club’? Yes, this blog is one of them, as the more astute amongst you will have figured out. But it work with everything. Are you off to the shops? You are? Well, welcome to Shopping Club. My Niece comes round to sew with my wife, or Sewing Club as we call it. ‘My Niece sewing with my wife’ doesn’t sound as snappy as ‘Sewing Club’.

I don’t think this is anything new. Clubs have been in existence for years, but I guess my new found experience is very small scale. One person for example. I feel that now I can be a club all on my own! Actually saying it out loud makes me seem very sad and lonely. But that’s not the point. It’s just a branding exercise in my head, rather than me trying to convince myself or anyone else that I’m more popular than I actually am. I’m a club of one, but other people can join my clubs. I have lunch club alone, but anyone is invited. The sociable aspect is implied, in my opinion. Using the word club shows that I’m open to new joiners. Or maybe I’m overthinking it. Yes, definitely overthinking it.

Seriously try it. That may well be the best advise you’ll get today!
